#UNIC
##_s + unsemantic + sass + ♥

UNIC is a base theme for Wordpress for developers to build upon. It is my favorite way to theme for Wordpress from scratch. I started with Automattic's underscores base theme and combined it with the Unsemantic grid system. Then I reworked the default CSS to SASS and added some of my own additional stuff. I use it all the time. If you do as well, please let me know, I'd love to hear your feedback.

##Features & Notes


###Built on the Unsemantic Grid
IMHO, Undemantic is the most flexible and logical grid system there is. You can read the full syntax over at http://unsemantic.com.

The theme also includes a shortcode system to include grids in post content.

`

    [grid 33] A 33% width grid [/grid]
	
	[grid 33] A 33% width grid [/grid]
	
	[grid 33] A 33% width grid [/grid]
`

Simple as that!

###Easy web font support via SASS
The main style.css is build with style.sass in the theme root folder. It includes various files from the /sass/ folder, which can be easily customized to your needs.

###Smart SASS Structure & Variables
Easily modify theme wide settings in the style.sass master file.

````
//	Base Variables
	$grid-max-width	: 1200px;
	$base-font: sans-serif;
	$base-font-size: 12px;
	$header-font: $base-font;
	$vspacing: 1.5em;
````

###SASS Colors & Gradients
Set a few variables in the master file and cheangeup your color scheme.

````
	$color-primary   : rgb(20,53,173);
	$color-secondary : rgb(44,62,130);
	$color-tertiary  : rgb(7,29,112);
	$color-quadrary  : rgb(72,103,214);
````

###Easy Web Fonts
Create easy webfont import files using Google's code:

*unic/scss/fonts._droidsans.scss*
    
````	
	/* CSS from webfont provider. */
    @font-face {
	  font-family: 'Droid Sans';
	  font-style: normal;
	  font-weight: 400;
	  src: local('Droid Sans'), local('DroidSans'), url(http://themes.googleusercontent.com/static/fonts/droidsans/v3/s-BiyweUPV0v-yRb-cjciBsxEYwM7FgeyaSgU71cLG0.woff) format('woff');
	}
	@font-face {
	  font-family: 'Droid Sans';
	  font-style: normal;
	  font-weight: 700;
	  src: local('Droid Sans Bold'), local('DroidSans-Bold'), url(http://themes.googleusercontent.com/static/fonts/droidsans/v3/EFpQQyG9GqCrobXxL-KRMQFhaRv2pGgT5Kf0An0s4MM.woff) format('woff');
	}
````

Then simply add to the masterfile to include one or another font:

````
	@import "scss/fonts/droidsans";
````

###Built in responsive menu system / functions
Uses a simple function which works like the standard WP menu function. By default the theme shows and hides the menus via Unsemantic responsive classes.

````
	<?php wp_nav_menu_select( array( 'theme_location' => 'primary' ) ); ?>
````


##Shortcodes Power
* Shortcodes work in text widgets
* WYSIWYG Editor shows an autogenerated dropdown of all registered shortcodes
* Supercool [grid n] shortcode